how are you you're great well I'll be
the judge of that I think it's important
because after what happened the last
time we elected a president we need to
know that you even have a heart I do you
do and it's functioning well so thank
you three weeks ago and I'm sure you
thought you're tired of talking about
this but three weeks ago you had a heart
attack in Las Vegas what's this a buffet
related incident what happened to you
well it turns out unbeknownst to me that
I had an artery that wasn't functioning
very well and they put a stent in two
stents see Stan's
and it's a fairly common procedure yes
million times a year in the United
States and next day I was walking a
couple of days later as out of the
hospital and I'm back on the campaign
video I don't know I don't know if
you've noticed this but I noticed that I
saw it I'm at his most you went for a
walk a couple of days after the heart
attack and I noticed your wife Jane the
hatch is wearing says Kim Oh for vice
president this she's a good politician
no you don't believe me yeah that would
be your first very bad decision you had
a big rally in Queens I have a
photograph here how many people do you
expect at a rally in Queens do you have
an estimate beforehand we had RSVPs
mm-hmm we got about 20,000 RSVPs
20,000 and we ended up with 26,000
people
and I was very pleased that we had
Alexandria Acacio Cortez with me and she
has done an extraordinary job he adores
you
yeah endorsed me she's a real champion
of working families of immigration
reform a criminal justice reform and she
and I got to work very hard on taking on
the fossil fuel industry and
transforming our energy system away from
fossil fuel to energy efficiency
sustainable energy and save this planet
from climate change but I like most
about her is she is inspiring working
people and young people all over this
country to get involved in the political
process and if there has ever been a
time in American history where we need
millions of people to step up to the
plate take on Trump and fight for
justice this is that moment this this
impeachment
journey that we're on is getting weirder
I'm sure you know that today what group
of Republicans House Republicans stormed
a private meeting in which in which some
witnesses were being interviewed and
they refused to leave the meeting until
I don't know what they wanted because
there are Republicans included in this
proceeding but what is going what is
happening I think they're nervous I
think they're trying to disrupt the
process I think they understand that
when you look at the record you have a
president who has tried to obstruct
justice with a Muller report you have a
president who has used his office
unconstitutionally in violation of the
emoluments clause to enrich himself how
do you when you've got a billion dollars
presumably why would you be used the
office of President to make more money
you kind of think you have enough to do
as president but and lastly this
Ukrainian business where he is using
national security money to try to get
the Ukrainian government to give him
dirt on a political opponent so I think
you got a strong case for impeachment I
think the house will impeach him I hope
they do the trial comes to the Senate
and I hope I just hope that the
Republican leadership allows for a fair
trial and let the American people in the
Senate make that decision will the
Republican leadership get to decide
whether it is a fair trial doesn't it
just automatically have to be a fair
trial and not it know doesn't it doesn't
it does it really doesn't I mean I hope
McConnell will do the right thing he's
never done the right thing before though
right all right maybe I'm being overly
optimistic here but bottom line is you
have a president who in my view is
probably the most corrupt president in
the modern history in this country
and the American people need to hear
from both sides they'll have his
defenders there what he has done do you
think Mitt Romney is the key to getting
some of these Republicans to really look
at the facts instead Jimmy I'll tell you
one of the things that has been really
sad and I say this not in a partisan way
Trump is Trump but you would think that
you have a lot of Republicans I know
many of these guys in the Senate in the
house who are not lawyers they're not
racist they're not sexist they're not
homophobes and yet they have been
intimidated and frightened by this
president and with very few exceptions
they don't have the guts to stand up and
tell the truth about what's going on I
hope that in this process some of these
Republicans understand that the future
of this country is more important than
just Donald Trump senator Bernie Sanders
[Applause]
right it's got not the way
you've learned that swing playing
stickball and whatever else here the
streets of Brooklyn I surely did we
spent half our lives at the schoolyard
playing softball yes you talk about
families who went through who are going
through financial hardships your family
went through financial hardship yep I
grew up in a three and a half room rent
controlled apartment a few miles away
from here in Flatbush and our family
struggled and I will never forget where
I came from in the sense that I
understand today that half of our people
are living paycheck to paycheck so many
of our people can't afford to go to a
doctor when they need to go to that
doctor and we have got to create an
economy that works for everybody and not
just the people on top and that's what
I'm pledged to do on these subjects I
think you are very blunt and brutally
honest almost to the point where it's
shocking to see a politician say yes
this is going to make your taxes go up
but in the law in the big picture I
think that it will make it cost you less
right look here is the reality we are
the only major country on earth not to
guarantee health care to all people as a
human right I believe that health care
is a human right and not a privilege and
what that means is we need all that we
need to do people make this more
complicated than it is Medicare right
now is the most popular health insurance
program in America I want to expand
Medicare to include dental care hearing
aids and eyeglasses and then what I want
to do is lower the eligibility age first
year from 65 down to 55 then to 45 10 to
35 and then we cover everybody and when
we do that there are no more premiums
you're not paying any more premiums no
more hope
no more deductibles no more
out-of-pocket expenses and virtually
every person in this country will save
money on health care because we are
currently spending twice as much per
person as the people of any other major
country and the reason for that is that
the function of the healthcare system
today shock of all shocks is to make the
drug companies and the insurance
companies incredibly rich well I don't
think that's the function of health care
so if you are paying just as an example
if somebody was self-employed today is
paying fifteen twenty thousand dollars a
year in premiums and out-of-pocket
expenses that's all God well they may
pay seven or eight thousand dollars more
in taxes there are twelve thousand to
the good and that's what we have got to
do we have to do what every other
country does is make sure that anybody
can go to any doctor they want whenever
they want and not worry about the cost
of health care
how how often do you get back to your
old neighborhood here in Flatbush not as
often as I we went we sent a camera crew
to you I don't know if you've ever like
met them family that but we set the
camera crew to your old place so just to
see who is living there now and and it's
interesting because I don't even know
I'm not sure here you go
who are you hi did you know that Bernie
Sanders used to live here mom there's
someone at the door
what are you selling go back to Wall
Street we're not billionaires do you
know Bernie Sanders he used to live here
never heard of him well they weren't
that friendly but it is it I mean at
least there's a family living here it's
great to have you here I'm glad you're
doing better when senator Bernie Sanders
everybody
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though